
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<h:head>
	<style>
</style>
</h:head>


<ui:composition template="/resources/templates/mainTemplate.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="content">

		<h:form>
			<p:breadCrumb>
				<p:menuitem value="Home" outcome="/public/RFD" />
				<p:menuitem value="Form Filler" outcome="/public/FormFiller/index" />
				<p:menuitem value="RFD 0-10100" outcome="RFD-0-10100.xhtml" />
			</p:breadCrumb>
		</h:form>

		<br />
		<br />
		<div align="center">
			<h1>
				<font size="10">RFD 0-10100</font>
			</h1>
		</div>

		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Special Instructions</h2>
		</div>
		<br />
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Description</h2>
			<p>
				This test requires that the Form Filler initiate an ITI-34
				transaction with the following requirements:
				<ol>
					<li>Pre-population data is null</li>
					<li>workflowData.formID: RFD 0-10100</li>
					<li>workflowData.encodedResponse: false, meaning the Form
						Filler is requesting the URL of a form that can be opened in a web
						browser</li>
					<li>workflowData.archiveURL: The URL of the Form Archiver
						simulator.</li>
					<li>workflowData.context: null</li>
					<li>workflowData.instanceID: null</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
			<p>
				<ul>
					<li>The Form Filler submits the Request for Form (ITI-34)
						using this value for formID: RFD 0-10100</li>
					<li>The Form Manager simulator returns the URL of a form.</li>
					<li>The Form Filler submits the form to the Form Receiver
						simulator.</li>
					<li>The test system evaluates the request for all required
						properties (both positive and negative).</li>
					<li>The test system examines the Form Receiver simulator 
						for successful submission of the form (did your web browser
						work…).</li>
					<li>The test system examines the Form Archiver simulator to
						verify that the form was archived.</li>
				</ul>
			</p>

		</div>
		<br />
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Evaluation</h2>
		</div>
		<br />
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Test Steps</h2>
			<p>
				<ol>
					<li>Submit a request for your form to the FormManager
						Simulator located at http://host:3205/RookieFormManager/. Be sure
						that your request follows the guidelines specified above in the
						Description.</li>
					<li>If your request has been formatted properly the Form
						Manager simulator should either return a URL of the form or a
						response saying that the requested form has not been found.</li>
					<li>If you received a URL, render the form. Complete the form
						and submit. The form should be transmitted to the Form Receiver
						simulator.</li>
					<li>To ensure the form was processed correctly, use the
						evaluate form request below to check all required properties.(both
						positive and negative).</li>
					<li>To check if the form was successfully submitted, use the 
					evaluate retrieve form below.</li>
					<li>To check if the form was successfully archived, use the evaluate
					archive form below.</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
			<h:form>
				<p:commandButton value="Submit Form Request" id="submit"
					actionListener="#{buttonView.buttonAction}" ajax="false" />
			&nbsp;
			&nbsp;
			<p:commandButton value="Evaluate Form Request" id="evaluate"
					actionListener="#{buttonView.buttonAction}" ajax="false" />
			&nbsp;
			&nbsp;
			<p:commandButton value="Evaluate Retrieve Form" id="retrieve"
					actionListener="#{buttonView.buttonAction}" ajax="false" />
			
			&nbsp;
			&nbsp;
			<p:commandButton value="Evaluate Archive Form" id="archive"
					actionListener="#{buttonView.buttonAction}" ajax="false" />

			</h:form>

		</div>
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Supplemental Materials</h2>
		</div>
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>References to Standards</h2>
		</div>
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Testable Assertions</h2>
		</div>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>