<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Frameset//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-frameset.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<h:head>
	<style>
</style>
</h:head>

<ui:composition template="/resources/templates/mainTemplate.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="content">

		<h:form>
			<p:breadCrumb>
				<p:menuitem value="Home" outcome="/public/RFD" />
				<p:menuitem value="Form Manager" outcome="/public/FormManager/index" />
				<p:menuitem value="RFD 0-11100" outcome="RFD-0-11100.xhtml" />
			</p:breadCrumb>
		</h:form>

		<br />
		<br />
		<div align="center">
			<h1>
				<font size="10">RFD 0-11100</font>
			</h1>
		</div>

		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Special Instructions</h2>
			<p>
			Your Form Filler under test will need to be configured for this test to return a form with Form ID: RFD 0-11100
			The URL of the Form Receiver simulator is (you need to fill this in).
			No pre-population data is supplied.
			</p>
		</div>
		<br />
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Description</h2>
			<p>
				This test requires that the Form Manager responds to an ITI-34
				transaction with the following data:
				<ol>
					<li>Pre-population data is null</li>
					<li>workflowData.formID: RFD 0-11100</li>
					<li>workflowData.encodedResponse: false, meaning the Form
						Filler is requesting the URL of a form that can be opened in a web
						browser</li>
					<li>workflowData.archiveURL: empty string</li>
					<li>workflowData.context: null</li>
					<li>workflowData.instanceID: null</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
			<p>
				<ul>
					<li>The Form Filler submits the Request for Form (ITI-34)
						using this value for formID: RFD 0-11100</li>
					<li>The Form Manager simulator returns the URL of a form.</li>
					<li>The Form Filler submits the form to the Form Receiver
						simulator.</li>
					<li>The test system evaluates the request for all required
						properties (both positive and negative).</li>
					<li>The testing system examines the Form Receiver simulator for
					    successful submission of the form. The testing system retrieves the
					    form that has been submitted and displays the values of all data elements 
					    in the submitted format.</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</div>
		<br />
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Evaluation</h2>
			<p>
				<ol>
					<li>Open the URL returned by the Form Manager under test in a modern web browser. 
						Make sure that you can successfully open the form and complete the data entry. </li>
					<li>When you submit the form, make sure your web browser reports no errors.
						Specifically, the form should be submitted to the Form Receiver simulator.</li>
					<li>Use the testing system to find the form data submitted to the Form Receiver simulator. 
						Display the data element/value pairs and check for consistency with the values you entered.</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</div>
		<br />
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Test Steps</h2>
			<p>
			<ol>
			<li>Send a Retrieve Form request to your Form Manager using the Submit Form Request button below.</li>
			<li>After you system returns the URL of a form, that URL should be displayed below under the button 
			for submitting the form. Copy/paste that URL in a Web Browser.</li>
			<li>Complete the form and submit. The form should be transmitted to the Form Receiver simulator.</li>
			<li>View the submitted form by using the View Submitted Form below. You should see
				element/value pairs that match the data you entered in the form.</li>
			
			</ol>
			</p>
			<h:form>
				<p:commandButton value="Submit Form Request" id="submit"
					actionListener="#{buttonView.buttonAction}" ajax="false" />
			&nbsp;
			&nbsp;
			<p:commandButton value="Evaluate Form Request" id="evaluate"
					actionListener="#{buttonView.buttonAction}" ajax="false" />
			</h:form>
			<br/>
			<p>
				URL of form:
			</p>
		</div>
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Supplemental Materials</h2>
		</div>
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>References to Standards</h2>
		</div>
		<div align="left" style="margin-left: 50px">
			<h2>Testable Assertions</h2>
		</div>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>

